Added private eye (#220)
18F/uswds-jekyll: README.md

# anchor_js_targets: [h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6]
```

### Private Eye JS

> By default, the USWDS Jekyll theme uses [Private Eye](https://github.com/18F/private-eye) to denote private links. You can turn this off by commenting the appropriate line out in the `_config.yml` data file. If you would like to customize the default Private Eye configuration, you can find it in `/assets/js/private_eye_conf.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the USWDS Jekyll theme uses [Private Eye](https://github.com/18F/private-eye) to denote private links. You can turn this off with the setting below. If you would like to customize the default Private Eye configuration, you can find it in `/assets/js/private_eye_conf.js`.
```

```yml

> # anchor_js_targets: [h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
private_eye: false
```
